Speak, everybody, it's okay, we 'll go today.
show you how to use is the system
lighting on your bike in favor
your safety when you pedal
by the street or on the tracks or unconfirmed
The first important tip is for you
use headlights and lanterns as well
daytime
Today you have facilities like this one.
to use is a headlamp with rechargeable battery
needs another stack
So do not get friends and lick the battery.
I'm going to use it only at night because we were going to
spend per arrives loads and use of the new
night then during the day also the
drivers and pedestrians need to see
You arrive with the bike so keep
always installed and using that in the parent that
never patient and backwards all right
during the day
few people know but there is
there are options for you to put the headlight
also on the helmet and because people
indicates you use a bicycle headlight
and the handlebars and also the helmet when
you will enter a street for example is
Can you illuminate where you have to
log in
So if you're pedaling, and what?
resolve at night mainly to make a
conversion or anything like you
your way literally you light up
your path and keep the focus of light on
street and where you want to turn
so it is important that also
wear a helmet
In this case, here we have it for
example this lighthouse it has all the
rubberized connectors do not be afraid
Go get a rain, no problem.
from memory that nothing is going to happen is
It comes with the battery you put in the
Isa was back here so get out pedaling
nableena bothered yesterday
Imagine you did not keep your tit
lating in seeing anything or track
using those headlights with common led
they keep getting crap
it is there is such here with
led clinton technologies was cool and not
superstrong light economic and on track is
very important you use the headlight as
that he is light will not bother
Nothing is going to leave, it's just going to be heavy.
it's super compact this here by
example it has neither the external battery
that makes me super strong and is there
trail to help you see the
not all the difficulties you have
a tv you know well
another important thing is you do not
point the lighthouse bike ahead in
People's eyes do not even come
beacon to light your way then
fit for the bike that he does
I do not know the people when you
to use the flashlight or lack the
flashlight is back as far as the headlights
small is a great are all they have
the strobe function is that this function is
here the light flashes this here
helps save half the battery
so it will last twice as long if you use
in this way written here
understood if it is a very dark place and
you pay that same fear you use in the world
mode is generally weaker has three
weaker modes
stronger or weaker battery goes
last longer too
so you do not have to look like a
christmas tree how can it but be
well lit
both the bike when you are with the
light up in the helmet behind back on the bike
be seen in there stay hidden use
light clothes to pedal the single night
and with these tips you saw in that
video for sure you will pedal more
Right there, he spoke